chore(bump): 3.14.0-alpha.0 (#4299)
Opentrons/opentrons: app-shell/build/release-notes.md

# Opentrons App Changes from 3.13.2 to 3.14.0

For more details about this release, please see the full [technical change log][changelog]

*Note for macOS users*: The Opentrons App is no longer compatible with macOS 10.9 Mavericks. If you are using 10.9, please upgrade to a later version of macOS (available for free from Apple) to continue to receive Opentrons updates.

## Changes

> - GEN2 Pipettes now appear in the change pipettes dialog. These are new pipettes that will be shipping before our next major software release, so we added them now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Our new generation of pipettes, labeled GEN2 Pipettes, now appear in the change pipettes dialog box. These pipettes will be coming soon.
```
